Add data feeds for Solana Mainnet (#729)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Solana/DataFeeds/using-data-feeds-solana.md

{% include 'data-quality.md' %}

**Table of contents:**

- [The Chainlink Data Feeds OCR2 Program](#the-chainlink-data-feeds-ocr2-program)
- [Using the Solana Starter Kit](#using-the-solana-starter-kit)
- [Adding Data Feeds On-Chain In An Existing Project](#adding-data-feeds-on-chain-in-an-existing-project)

## The Chainlink Data Feeds OCR2 Program

The program that owns the data feeds on both Devnet and Mainnet is [HEvSKofvBgfaexv23kMabbYqxasxU3mQ4ibBMEmJWHny](https://solscan.io/account/HEvSKofvBgfaexv23kMabbYqxasxU3mQ4ibBMEmJWHny?cluster=devnet). This is the program ID that you use to retrieve Chainlink Price Data on-chain in your program. The source code for this program is available in the [smartcontractkit/chainlink-solana](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink-solana/tree/develop/contracts/programs/ocr2) repository on GitHub.

You can [add data feeds to an existing project](#adding-data-feeds-on-chain-in-an-existing-project) or [use the Solana Starter Kit](#using-the-solana-starter-kit).

> ## Using the Solana Starter Kit

Reviewer: as per the off-chain page, my comment questioning the order of starter kit vs add to existing applies here too

This guide demonstrates the following tasks:

- Write and deploy programs to the [Solana Devnet](https://solscan.io/?cluster=devnet) cluster using Anchor.
- Retrieve price data data using the [Solana Web3 JavaScript API](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@solana/web3.js) with Node.js.

This example shows a full end to end example of using Chainlink Price Feeds on Solana. It includes an on-chain program written in rust, as well as an off-chain client written in JavaScript. The client passes in an account to the program, the program then looks up the latest price of the specified price feed account, and then stores the result in the passed in account. The off-chain client then reads the value stored in the account.

**Table of contents:**

> 

Author: Good call. I simplified this step and linked to the new instructions.

> 

Reviewer 2: thanks

    yarn install
    ```

> 1. Create a temporary Solana wallet to use for this example. Use a temporary wallet to isolate development from your other wallets and prevent you from unintentionally using SOL tokens on the Solana Mainnet. Alternatively, if you have an existing wallet that you want to use, locate the path to your [keypair](https://docs.solana.com/terminology#keypair) file and use it as the keypair for the rest of this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a temporary Solana wallet to use for this example. Use a temporary wallet to isolate development from your other wallets and prevent you from unintentionally using lamports on the Solana Mainnet. Alternatively, if you have an existing wallet that you want to use, locate the path to your [keypair](https://docs.solana.com/terminology#keypair) file and use it as the keypair for the rest of this guide.
```
